### **User Story 1:**

**As a User, I want to be able to enter my weight and date on the weight
entry screen so that I can track my progress over time.**

**Acceptance Criteria:**

1.  The weight entry screen should allow the User to input a valid
    weight and select a date.

2.  Upon saving, the entered weight and date should appear as a list
    item on the history page.

### **User Story 2:**

**As a User, I want to be able to view my current weight and other
statistics on the main screen so that I can monitor my progress
easily.**

**Acceptance Criteria:**

3.  The main screen should display the User\'s current weight, BMI,
    average weekly weight loss, and total weight loss to date.

4.  The statistics on the main screen should update automatically
    whenever new data is entered on the weight entry screen.

### **User Story 3:**

**As a User, I want to be able to navigate to the settings screen to
input my personal information, such as gender, height, and goal weight,
so that the app can calculate accurate statistics.**

**Acceptance Criteria:**

5.  The settings screen should provide fields for entering gender,
    height, goal weight, and target date.

6.  The data entered on the settings screen should be saved and used to
    update the statistics on the main screen.

### **User Story 4:**

**As a User, I want to be able to take a progress picture using the
camera feature on the weight entry screen so that I can visually track
my weight loss journey.**

**Acceptance Criteria:**

7.  The weight entry screen should have a button to access the camera
    and take a picture.

8.  The picture taken should be saved and associated with the
    corresponding weight entry on the history page.

### **User Story 5:**

**As a User, I want to be able to delete an entry, including its
associated progress picture, from the history page so that I can
maintain accurate records of my progress.**

**Acceptance Criteria:**

9.  The history page should provide an option to delete a weight entry
    along with its associated progress picture.

10. Once an entry is deleted, it should be permanently removed from the
    history page and the SQLite database.

### **User Story 6:**

**As a User, I want to be able to set a reminder to log my weight daily
so that I can maintain consistent tracking.**

**Acceptance Criteria:**

11. The app should allow the User to set a daily reminder time for
    logging weight.

12. The app should send a notification at the set time to remind the
    User to log their weight.

### **User Story 7:**

**As a User, I want to be able to see a graph of my weight loss progress
over time so that I can visualize my journey.**

**Acceptance Criteria:**

13. The main screen should include an option to view a graph of weight
    entries over time.

14. The graph should update automatically with each new weight entry.

### **User Story 8:**

**As a User, I want to be able to export my weight and progress data to
a CSV file so that I can analyze it using other tools.**

**Acceptance Criteria:**

15. The app should provide an option to export all weight entries,
    including dates and associated progress pictures, to a CSV file.

16. The CSV file should be saved to the User\'s device and accessible
    from the file system.

### **User Story 9:**

**As a User, I want to be able to back up my app data to the cloud so
that I do not lose my progress if I switch devices.**

**Acceptance Criteria:**

17. The app should include an option to back up all data, including
    weight entries, settings, and progress pictures, to a cloud storage
    service.

18. The app should provide a restore function to retrieve backed-up data
    from the cloud.

### **User Story 10:**

**As a User, I want to be able to sync my data with a fitness tracker so
that I can combine data from multiple sources.**

**Acceptance Criteria:**

19. The app should support syncing weight data with popular fitness
    trackers such as Fitbit and Apple Health.

20. Synced data should automatically update the statistics on the main
    screen.

### **User Story 11:**

**As a User, I want to be able to change the theme of the app so that I
can personalize its appearance.**

**Acceptance Criteria:**

21. The settings screen should provide options to choose between
    different themes (e.g., light, dark).

22. The selected theme should be applied across all screens of the app
    and saved for future sessions.

### **User Story 12:**

**As a User, I want to be able to set a goal weight and target date so
that I have a clear objective to work towards.**

**Acceptance Criteria:**

23. The settings screen should allow the User to input a goal weight and
    target date.

24. The app should display the progress toward the goal weight on the
    main screen, including the remaining time to reach the target date.

### **User Story 13:**

**As a User, I want to be able to view a history of my progress pictures
so that I can see how my appearance has changed over time.**

**Acceptance Criteria:**

25. The history page should include a gallery view of progress pictures
    associated with each weight entry.

26. Clicking on a progress picture should display it in full-screen mode
    with the associated weight and date.

### **User Story 14:**

**As a User, I want to be able to lock the app with a password or
biometric authentication so that my data is secure.**

**Acceptance Criteria:**

27. The settings screen should provide an option to enable password or
    biometric authentication (e.g., fingerprint, face recognition) for
    app access.

28. When enabled, the app should prompt the User for authentication upon
    each launch.

### **User Story 15:**

**As a User, I want to be able to share my progress with friends on
social media so that I can stay motivated.**

**Acceptance Criteria:**

29. The app should provide an option to share weight loss milestones and
    progress pictures directly to social media platforms like Facebook
    and Instagram.

30. Shared posts should include the User\'s current weight, goal
    progress, and an optional comment.

### **User Story 16:**

**As a User, I want to be able to reset my progress if I need to start
over so that I can begin a new weight loss journey.**

**Acceptance Criteria:**

31. The settings screen should provide an option to reset all data,
    including weight entries, settings, and progress pictures.

32. A confirmation prompt should be displayed before the reset action is
    completed to prevent accidental data loss.

### **User Story 17:**

**As a User, I want to be able to filter my weight entry history by date
range so that I can focus on specific periods.**

**Acceptance Criteria:**

33. The history page should include a filter option to select a date
    range for displaying weight entries.

34. The filtered history should display only the entries within the
    selected date range, with an option to clear the filter.

### **User Story 18:**

**As a User, I want to be able to view average weekly weight loss so
that I can assess my progress consistently.**

**Acceptance Criteria:**

35. The main screen should display the average weekly weight loss based
    on the User\'s weight entries.

36. The average weekly weight loss calculation should update
    automatically with each new weight entry.

### **User Story 19:**

**As a User, I want to receive motivational quotes or tips when I log my
weight so that I stay encouraged.**

**Acceptance Criteria:**

37. The app should display a motivational quote or tip after each
    successful weight entry.

38. The quotes or tips should be randomized and stored locally within
    the app.

### **User Story 20:**

**As a User, I want to be able to email my weight loss data to my
healthcare provider so that they can monitor my progress.**

**Acceptance Criteria:**

39. The app should include an option to email a summary of weight
    entries, statistics, and progress pictures to a specified email
    address.

40. The emailed summary should be formatted as a PDF attachment for easy
    viewing.
